[Music]
in double between corridor between two
hotels between two mirrors
often I run between two loves between
two always between them nothing at all
I stay safe at this heart too much water
between dog and wolf I do not know who
confessed to me I'm staying under
good I dreamed touch to children on the
port between you and me
and then both
the musi the others we will enter roof
of one
breathless but Iran was hanging
to exist
you stay under
I like it is the zone
10th eagle
you like me
the same meaning better
[Music]
by your
besson
here is even to understand from fear
pretending to be heard it's not
won is not bad when we know
never the word of the end look at me
garden where and what do you look like
completely to believe again in
love increases again and I believe in it
always
give the child that I would not have you
know that you know
this abundance
like that and that love
I believe in this love that we do not
choose not are kept
a woman
[Music]
my faith
bush and mail
what a bargain
if I wear
[Music]
m
I love
what a beautiful seemed
[Music]
but two
as for his
[Music]
for s
question
at M
m
holmes
[Music]